What Is Document Management Service
Build API and UI based document management capabilities for your business apps. Organize your enterprise content with the ready-to-use web application.

Document Management Service, Integration Option lets you build document management capabilities for your business applications using the integration component or the easy-to-use, reusable UI component.

Document Management Service, Application Option is a standalone, ready-to-use web application that provides document management capabilities for your enterprise content.

Environment
This service runs in the Cloud Foundry environment.

Features of Document Management, integration option
Achieve more with SAP storage
Use Document Management Service, Repository Option to securely store and manage your business documents and attachments.

Connect to your business storage
Bring your choice of CMIS-compliant, on-premise or cloud repository to connect with Document Management Service and leverage the capabilities of the service.

Build document management capabilities
Leverage the APIs to build a customized document management layer on your on-premise or cloud applications.

Embed with your business applications
Embed an easy-to-use, UI5-based, reusable component into your application for document management scenarios.

Manage enterprise content
Organize your enterprise content with the document management capabilities like file and folder hierarchy, versioning, status management, etc.

Features of Document Management, application option
Achieve more with SAP storage
Use Document Management Service, Repository Option to securely store and manage your business documents and attachments.

Connect to your business storage
Bring your choice of CMIS-compliant, on-premise or cloud repository to connect with Document Management Service and leverage the capabilities of the application.

Manage files and folders
Create, edit, download, and delete files and folders. Navigate the file and folder hierarchy using breadcrumbs.

View your documents
View your images, PDFs, and vector graphics using the built-in viewers. Support for other file extensions provided via an option to download the documents.

Restructure your document hierarchy
Move and copy your folders and documents to other folders within your repository.

Manage metadata
View and edit the basic document attributes and folder properties supported by your repository.

Personalize the user interface
Customize your document list by sorting based on the attributes of the documents.

Manage document versions and status
Create one or more versions for the base version of a file. Manage the workflow of a document to avoid unintentional changes.

Related Information
Feature Scope Description